what's up everybody it's man of low
moral fiber here my name is Luke and in
this video I will be killing Pete be
ultra invincible at over power level
eight using a Jacob's die you I have no
idea if I'm pronouncing that right and
if I had to guess I wouldn't be I am
using the dlc for gemstone version of
this gun so it's called a citrine die
OOP but I'm using it with a damaged
prefix as well and so this is the only
gun i'm going to use other than the
trespasser which I've already got done
using to knock off beats face shield and
then i'll go ahead and just try to kill
Pete you know the whole way down using
critical ascension and zeros other
sniping boost now this gun isn't optimal
obviously because it doesn't fire too
fast obviously it's a single fire weapon
but because it is the flat off barrel
Jacobs I can still fire it pretty
quickly and I can try to keep it online
as well as I can I don't get good slack
luck early in this fight but I did
pretty well at the end of the fight once
I have all the critical asim context but
I do go ahead and pick up hearing this
it is good that I don't run out of ammo
during this fight I just don't even have
to pick up any extra ammo because I had
enough with just a simple stockpile
relic and so that works out really well
and you don't have to bother with the
ammo cases at all I was actually kind of
expecting to have to bother with the
ammo cases but I was able to stack
critical ascension pretty efficiently
with this gun and the reason I'm doing
this kill today is someone asked me if I
could kill Pete with a Jacob single fire
weapon and I figured this would
definitely be the best one to do that
with being the gemstone version from the
dlc for but stallion does add just a
little bit of extra critical damage it's
not too much but obviously you know
it'll help a little bit and so why not
go ahead and use that version of it now
i'm going to go ahead and get more kunai
on it for that eighty percent damage
boost go ahead and strip his shield or
finish completing his shield rather and
then I will hide behind this pillar so
that I don't pick up the fire damage
over time now I want to make sure I kill
Pete the
for his next nova because i don't want
to have to hide from that one again
luckily now that we have such high
critical ascension stacks we will be
doing a lot of damage especially when
our b is active unfortunately he got
unlock there but we're still going to be
able to take him out after our next
deception obviously the times were dark
indeed when Q and I weren't boosting
damaged by eighty percent but now that
they do that again it has helped zero
out across the board so that's pretty
cool you know I'd never really killed
Pete with a single fire weapon like that
before semi-automatic but it was pretty
full it was pretty fun you know maybe
I'll try it again try to do a little bit
better get a little more consistent with
my head shots but that worked out pretty
well and it wasn't very difficult at all
and it didn't take too much time either
so anyway guys thanks for watching I
very much do appreciate it if you
haven't yet please take the time to
subscribe I'd really appreciate that as
well otherwise I hope to catch you next
time bye guys
you